we're in the 2006 80s for
we're gonna show you the new it's called
the nfinity set past three what it is is
that behind the rain of connection to
splitter and a four foot cable and the
glove box change expansion all right
we're gonna do is gonna pull out this
glove box changer you know I'm plug it
all right now the radio is already out
just to make the video easier to show
I'm gonna grab this black end you're
gonna put it run it back through here
one two three so there's no smoking
Mary's here you plug this in right here
alright and the next you gonna do is you
gonna unplug this blue one on the bottom
left back here alright you're gonna take
this end
then you have two three ends
you're gonna plug the blue connector you
took out into the end it doesn't have
the black the black extension on here
and then now all you got to do is you
plug in your iPod adapter auxilary into
here doesn't matter which one you're
using the all plug in the same and
that's pretty much it that's how easy it
is this works on any a4 s 4 or a 3 that
has the glovebox CD changer usually
that's only the ones with the harnessing
navigation radio if you've got the CD
changer added at the factor at the
dealership it may work but the wire has
to be running exactly the same and
usually it's not you know give us a call
we can help you with that that's pretty
much it
this is how you keep your iPod your
factory satellite radio and you also add
the either iPod or auxiliar whatever you
want this does is able to CD changer but
so does the so does the iPod adapter so
what this does it gives you the factory
sound like alright this we made this
part we manufacture we also invented and
designed it we've got any questions give
us a call this video is brought to you
by n fit car stereo comm we sell I'd
install the product so anything give us
a poem thanks